The reason why would I create a repository on GitHub and keep website's source code there is pretty obvious, but let me explain why would I even have a website in the first place. You probably won't believe it, but the answer is "I grew old". Old enough to forget dates and events. Facebook wasn't flexible enough and didn't let me save all the metadata about a particular event that I wanted, LinkedIn kills all the creativity and just looks boring, so I built a website and saved some important information there in a form of a timeline. So if you're wondering why it's so overloaded with all the dates, places, and details — well, that's not really for you, that's primarily for me. And since I'm working in outsource I figured that I can style it as a résumé and give it an additional purpose — to serve as a business card. Maybe someday I'll replace the front page with something else (like all the normal folks have), but currently it's very convenient to just send the link to recruiter and be sure that they'll find all the information they're looking for just by loading the URL.
And then I thought that maybe somebody else (especially aspiring developers) would like to know how to build something similar, so I'd like to encourage them to use parts of my website to build theirs faster and then focus on things that matter, i.e. what makes them different in terms of both content and UI/UX. That's why I'm putting together a wiki that'll explain how this was built and how to re-use some parts. I've decided against creating a framework that people could just plug and play, because it would be harder for me to maintain it and it would also defeat the purpose (i.e. to learn things).


